# Dogechat
## Team: GodDogs
### Team Members: Jonathan Quang, Daniel Chernovolenko, Kyle Lin, Adrian Boylan
#### What are we trying to accomplish?
Our goal is to make a photo-taking application for the web browser where the user can access a chat room, a camera/picture-taking screen, a vast majority of filters and stickers for those photos, and a way to upload their photos onto a daily-refreshing "story" which all their friends can view. In the chat room, any one logged in can see whatever messages are being sent and users can send their own personalized images. Each user can also send private messages/photos to any of their friends. The user can use our picture-taking screen to take photos using their device's designated camera and apply filters, drag on stickers, and add text to their image to make it much more personalized. Users can also personalize their profile page, complete with profile picture (which starts initially as a random dog pic from our random dog pic generator api), username, story, and friends list. Much of our inspiration is taken from mobile apps such as Snapchat, Messenger Chat, and Instagram, but improves on all of them.
#### How do we plan to accomplish this?
By using HTML's Media Capture with a mixture of Javascript to (possibly) track the user's face, we can capture real photos of the users and allow them to edit the photos using Javascript draggable-stickers and filters. The photos, usernames, passwords, and chats are all saved in databases (using SQL) with identifiers for time delivered for messages and users who sent and recieved a message. Also use of CSS and Javascript to make the website look aesthetic.
